Satnam people this is Krept and Konan
and you're watching factory least a lot
to play day got my fault
definitely check my phone check
Instagram check - I'll check what's that
that's the first thing opening eyes roll
over phone I lock saucers I think I've
been what's that really that's the first
one I go into I couldn't unlock any door
I'm joking I don't have anything else
that will get out proper music
sister-sister amusing beauties it was
like present in an award and I started
right front of me she's giving me the
ice off for like you know the best but
I've never been starstruck I want pop
him once when I was at the movies and
Nicole sure as it shows me yes she
walked past but she literally said she
looks into yoga I just that I don't know
if I starstruck I just fell in love do
you know what yeah I used to like eggs
runny but now because I've changed my
diet it was like he could have egg
whites so now I've got to take out the
yolk which is my favorite part
I'm gonna allow that my eggs to be Coco
Pops you know other really like eggs
oh but you know awareness that runny in
that it's just white and it can be for
me it could be pass you know like more
relaxing than what can I see me so I
will just keep it Coco Pops
well let's go along ski law
you wanna excuse go to him you late for
work go to him he's got this
excuse me I need an excuse for today
he's the man yeah I think that's
definitely the most irritating it's
quite as keys for and one time I was
house my friend is dead children and she
saw my mom's coming back soon as I wash
it out goes she is that now you're cool
my mom's pink the mom came in weekend
saw me and ran out the room a back stop
she come back he laughs oh my god it
made me feel like I'm food in your verse
on Paranal is so sick
my use going fast I'll say this is nuts
the mom was a fan now about my voice
mister how can I say this mission oh one
of the Wayans brothers someone lucky
though it's sharing Lego house I want to
do with someone new someone someone
interesting I want to do if Katy Perry
or something that'd be sick I'm sure I'm
very tall I'm a 6-foot nobody thinks
come stand next to him he's a stand for
damn sure but really I'm joke they
probably think that you're not humble I
think a lot of people cuz when they see
us and they're like oh no good you got a
really hard one
yeah what did you experience add to know
and we'd be like no whoo no pictures no
go a really cool people